Debug frame Metal Documentation + doc links (#298)
BabylonJS/BabylonNative: Documentation/Readme.md

# Babylon Native Documention

## Android Simulator tips

[Some tips to improve your experience of Babylon  Native with the Android Simulator.](AndroidSimulator.md)

## Build system overview

[Everything you need to know about the build system and the dependencies management.](BuildSystem.md)

## Debugging JavaScript on Mac and iOS

> [Put break points in your JS. Inspect variable and watch the console output on your Mac for iOS and MacOS.](DebugJavascriptMacIOS.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Put break points in your JS. Inspect variables and watch the console output on your Mac for iOS and MacOS.](DebugJavascriptMacIOS.md)
```

## Debugging iOS and MacOS rendering using Xcode

[Inspect and debug your rendering thanks to Xcode frame capture.](DebugRenderedFrameMetal.md)

## Extending Babylon Native

> [Babylon Native extensive plugin system allows you to add and expose functionnalities. Here is how.](Extending.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Babylon Native's extensive plugin system allows you to add and expose functionalities. Here is how.](Extending.md)
```
